[Music]
Hey want to get that beach bod but
worried it might already be too late for
that nonsense all you need is four
minutes a day to do these 8 simple
exercises and you'll be on the road to a
flat sculpted tummy in no time
windshield wipers lie on your back with
your feet together stretch your arms out
to the sides with your palms down to
support yourself now lift your legs up
while keeping your knees together and
bend at a right angle keeping your upper
body planted on the floor slowly turn
your legs to the left without touching
your knees to the ground freeze like
that for a couple seconds then return to
the initial position now repeat the same
thing on the other side eyes on the
timer let's do 30 seconds windshield
wipers are an awesome exercise when it
comes to your obliques and lower abs the
tension you provide when doing slow and
controlled reps while holding your legs
up in the air gets those muscles working
like nothing else meaning a slim cinched
in waist and the toned abs of your
dreams they also help stretch your lower
back so if you sit a lot and have a sore
back because of it then this exercise
will truly work miracles for you almost
done now and stop on to the next
exercise side jackknives lie on your
right side and put your feet together
left on right put your right hand on
your left side and your left arm behind
your head so that your elbow points up
to the ceiling using only the muscles
along your sides
that's your obliques slowly raise your
legs and upper body simultaneously as
high as you can hold the peak position
for a second and go back down in a
controlled and movement but don't let
your feet or shoulder touch the floor
you'll go straight back up into your
second rep watch the timer will do 15
seconds on each side starting on the
left doing this exercise on your side
mix your obliques bird just be sure to
make your moves slow and control doing
it fast won't get you closer to your
destination in fact you risk damaging
your muscles or tendons
so please be careful and switch over to
the right what's cool about side
jackknives
is that you also work your hip flexors
glutes and of course your abdominals the
hip flexors and glutes are a nice
addition because who doesn't want to
have a flat belly plus a toned bottom
and stop shoot that energy up and let's
keep chugging along
starfish crunches lie on your back with
your arms and legs stretched out so that
your body makes an X now engage your
core muscles to lift your upper body and
legs into a crunch at the same time
bend your knees and elbows and make them
meet halfway hold this position for a
second it stretch back out without
letting your limbs touch the floor half
a minute on the clock let's go
this definitely isn't your average
crotch a well that's because starfish
crunches engage the core from all sides
making your belly perfectly sculpted all
the way around just see that your lower
back doesn't feel strained if it does
you're doing something wrong you should
lift your body with the help of your
front not your back remember ok now
almost ready and there you have it our
third exercise is over triangle crunches
prop yourself up on your right knee and
right hand keeping the ladder in line
with your shoulder put your left hand
behind your head and lift your left leg
up so that it's parallel to the floor
bring your left knee to the left elbow
in a side crunch hold it for a second
and then get back to the initial
position easy-peasy so let's do 15
seconds on each side triangle crunches
are a real burner for your obliques as
you know these muscles shape your waist
so the more you train them the more
sculpted your abs will look involving
your hips will also help you in the long
run because it improves your stamina
which is never a bad thing ok the other
side now just like the rest of the
exercises in today's workouts this one
gives the best results if done slowly
but correctly the overall routine is
pretty short just four minutes so no
need to be in a rush
alright that'll do we're halfway through
the workout let's keep it up heel
touches lie on your back with your knees
bent and your legs slightly wider than
shoulder width apart keep your arms at
your sides now breathe out and extend
your left arm while lifting your upper
body off the floor and reaching for your
left heel with your fingers hold for a
second and return to the initial
position breathing in then do the same
thing on your right side 30 seconds
let's go heel touches aren't too intense
so they kind of serve as a nice little
mid workout break but they do target
your obliques and abs so they're
definitely worth doing a little more to
go
hang in there make sure your core is
engaged and your lower back isn't if you
feel any discomfort stop and think about
what you could be doing wrong
okay awesome let's keep moving
oblique v crunches fly on the floor on
your right side feet stacked together
left hand behind your head keep your
right arm relaxed on the floor in front
of you don't prop yourself up on it now
keeping your legs straight lift them up
using your obliques and abs and raise
your upper body at the same time reach
your left elbow to your legs so that
your body mix of v-shape hold for a
second and then slowly go back down you
know the drill
15 seconds on each side ready go you've
done your fair share of oblique
exercises by now so you'll really be
feeling the burn tomorrow but don't
worry you'll get used to it in no time
Plus no pain no gain right okay that'll
do now switch sides it's worth
mentioning that while raising your upper
body you can support yourself with your
extended arm just don't lean on it too
much you want your core doing most of
the work not your arms okay that's
enough your side's must be on fire by
now we're almost done just two more
exercises so don't give up on me now
Bend and kick get on all fours with your
knees in line with your hips and your
hands under your shoulders keep your
back straight head facing down and raise
your bent leg behind you in a kicking
motion
ideally your raised foot should point
toward the ceiling at the highest peak
will do each leg for 15 seconds starting
with the right one this exercise is also
called donkey kicks and you can see why
just really watch your form your neck
and back should be kept in a straight
line that way you won't strain any
muscles they seem easy enough but donkey
kicks can actually be quite dangerous if
done incorrectly okay now kick that left
leg back again don't rush yourself doing
it faster doesn't equal faster results
it's not about how many you do but about
how well and effectively you do them
that's especially important for this one
because if you kick too roughly you can
hurt your hamstrings and relax one more
exercise to go standing cross crunches
stand up straight feet hip-width apart
and hands behind your head now bend your
right arm and left leg and reach them
toward each other in a crunch make it
slow and control remember now do the
same for your left arm and right leg
last 30 seconds on the clock let's do
this standing cross crunches are a great
finishing exercise that targets your abs
obliques and hip flexor muscles you'll
get that fat just melting off your body
with this set and again it's not that
hard to do once you learn the ropes just
make sure to keep your core includes
engaged don't do it all willy-nilly a
little more and done that's it for
today's workout remember to come back to
this video and do it every day with me
be sure to add reps as you build up
strength and stamina
that way you'll continue to see progress
and in just a month you'll be rocking a
gorgeous midsection and tush yes I'd say
you'll be more than ready for beach
season do you know any other effective
exercises for a slim waist let me know
what I left out down in the comments
remember to give this video a like share
it and head over to the bright side for
lots of fun workout videos and more